Oh
y'all ready noisy boy gank easy degrees
the Genghis Khan it camouflaged my man
Peto blanca other side quite like a man
found loyalty entertainment deep waters
you know you know we're here at the
video shoot oh come on say hello you
know I got to give a big shout out
you're not I'm saying - the whole team
we've been working with me shooting for
a minute where's this position pictures
they say like hey man we've been
shooting for a while you know we're
gonna be shooting all night you know and
this is a you know one of the many shots
that will be taking so saying like a big
lot of fun man a lot of fun man
position pictures and I'm saying they
work hard man you already know what it
is and I'm saying behind the scenes shit
they they even take care of the behind
the scenes shape you Sam
thank you could agree the East End
general you already know all night these
two hottest artists in Toronto right now
so you don't even go to the gym you just
work hard guys hard enough it